Add issue templates (#57)
wooorm/xdm: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug.md

---
name: 🐛 Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
---

---

<!--
  Please check the needed checkboxes ([ ] -> [x]) and fill out the TODOs.
  Leave the comments as they are: they won’t show on GitHub.

  Some general tips:
  - Is this really a problem?
  - Is this a problem here?
  - Can this be solved in a different way?
-->

### Initial checklist

*   [ ] I read the support docs <!-- https://github.com/micromark/.github/blob/main/support.md -->
*   [ ] I read the contributing guide <!-- https://github.com/micromark/.github/blob/main/contributing.md -->
*   [ ] I agree to follow the code of conduct <!-- https://github.com/micromark/.github/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md -->

> *   [ ] I searched issues and couldn’t find anything (or linked relevant results below) <!-- https://github.com/search?q=user%3Amicromark&type=Issues -->

Author: these links don't have an xdm equivalent yet, left them pointing to micromark for now.

> *   [ ] I searched issues and couldn’t find anything (or linked relevant results below) <!-- https://github.com/search?q=user%3Amicromark&type=Issues -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [ ] I searched issues and couldn’t find anything (or linked relevant results below) <!-- https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Awooorm%2Fxdm&type=Issues -->
```
